adding one link and note about disk usage for projections (#43330)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/sql-reference/statements/alter/projection.md

You can define one or more projections for a table, and during the query analysis the projection with the least data to scan will be selected by ClickHouse without modifying the query provided by the user.

:::note Disk usage

Projections will create internally a new hidden table, this means that more IO and space on disk will be required.
Example, If the projection has defined a different primary key, all the data from the original table will be duplicated.
:::

> You can see more technical details about how projections work internally on this [page]([url](https://clickhouse.com/docs/en/guides/improving-query-performance/sparse-primary-indexes/sparse-primary-indexes-multiple/#option-3-projections)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see more technical details about how projections work internally on this [page](/docs/en/guides/improving-query-performance/sparse-primary-indexes/sparse-primary-indexes-multiple.md/#option-3-projections).
```

Reviewer: If we link to the .md file the Docusaurus checks the URL for us at build time.
